everybody was making it on the lane
plays the binding of issac a truthful I
swear I am NOT going to do a rerun run
this time because I need a break let's
see what we got here
zero zgz gp2x we got the negative black
feather and void horrible rate of fire
horrible damage but a great space bar
item and what you wouldn't ok sure it's
going to be one of those I've sucked up
the D infinity the D infinity is my
voided item of choice once every six
rooms or rather whenever we choose to
use the infinity we are going to re-roll
our whole run we roll all consumables on
the ground we roll our stats re-roll the
enemies reroll an existing item pedestal
or you know just for kicks sometimes
will reroll everything depending on what
we got okay you know what get the
freaking Twitter closed yeah I don't
care
Twitter I like to have any up in the
background just because I've usually got
a Twitter tab open in the backer I'm not
checking on it while I play the episodes
just have it don't die here early that
would be embarrassing even though our
stats are terrible but now Twitter's
always like hey you want to know what's
going on on Bloomberg News I don't care
do I strike you as the kind of person
who invests in the sp500 if you said no
well you know shame on you looks can be
deceiving it's important you know make
your money work for you put it in an
index fund earning an average of 7%
annually you know adds up over time at
the same time I did part of that two
hands off the situation means that is
don't give a crap about what's happening
you know Tesla's made a billion dollars
said good okay I always thought that guy
was unappreciated in life even though he
died like 95 years before I was but I
don't know when Nikola Tesla tied the
point is that I would start broadcasting
NHL playoff games through that little
box on the Twitter page and I'm okay but
nothing else Bloomberg News I don't care
unless you run ads in front of these
videos in which case great work crack
team of journalists over there just
about the last reputable source for
financial news in this crazy mixed-up
world anyway how is today's daily well I
mean it's tough to say because this is
not a daily house today's run it's
horrible cool this is like actually
awful but here's my my major incentive
not to die is because void the Infinity
is not necessarily good it's too much
uncertainty but that's what makes it
kind of enjoyable and that maybe even
more so than kind of enjoyable keep in
mind I could void an item but reroll it
well I void or alternatively reroll
every other item I have on the run well
I void it which I don't even know what
the implications of that are so I'm
liking the optics on this run is God
Zane written all over it certainly this
is not a run that I would expect to
pivot into a into a rerun anytime soon
and the main reason for that is holy
hell if you notice that we have roughly
half of our usual rate of fire and then
also below average damage making this
probably like a once a month bad start
as far as DPS goes but still to HP means
that it's not implausible to make it out
of this and we did get a great starting
item as far as active items go even
though our trinket is presently useless
and the negative is just I mean at the
best of times that item is barely
noticeable so I'm not trying to make it
sound like we're screwed here because in
all honesty I'd rather be in this
situation than have average damage and
like substantially below average speed
with the same amount of HP in which case
we might already be dead by this point
but there is an out for this run but
it's going to be unlikely like we're
going to be one of those people you see
on the news where maybe some of you are
watching this video where you're going
to be like you know I shouldn't even be
alive but look at what I've done for
myself
my life it's an amazing thing that's
where we are right now not to make light
of the you know situation I think we
should I think we should do it we deport
ourselves and sucked up nothing so yeah
we should not have done that case that's
not abundantly clear sweet okay one more
floor that day skirts the blinds thanks
me for being an idiot but also Thank You
curse of the blind for enabling my
idiocy you know I think with 1.06 speed
we can just roll it yeah okay all right
so what's the plan well honestly I'm
fairly unconcerned de bout a deal with
the devil I'm very much concerned with
survival and somewhat skeptical that
we're going to be able to hit that goal
on this floor if we've missed a deal
with the devil but Liv I'll be a happy
camper the heck of a shot speed on this
guy I will say we started with above
zero luck not much above zero but above
zero luck so it's not implausible that
we at least get enough red hearts to
live someone's going to explode soon and
it's going to change the dynamic on this
room by the way did you know do you want
an indication for how I feel about
today's run boss rush is probably out of
the question for us and we're on the
second floor so that's a good trying to
think of the word that I'm looking at a
good emblem it's emblematic of why I
don't like today's run at the present
moment however it is a huge step for us
I shot at him as many times as I could
shoot at him before he hit me what can I
do but there is still a way out you're
not gonna love this strategy I'll tell
you that right now but as long as we're
going through heck you know it's like
Winston Churchill said if you're going
through heck keep going you might have
used some more colorful language there I
don't know you go the skinny room or do
you go big room
I win skinny room but there's some
skinny room variants that are not
beloved by me right now especially
considering you know if we get hit once
we die
dude that was horrible
let's restart okay well it's the right
time to have a loss jpc w2 f 0h we got I
forget pasal and flush great damage
great rate of fire actually I'm not just
saying that to draw a contrast with the
last run I wish I'd lived on the last
run and the damage that I took at the
end was indisputably something that we
could have done better about preventing
but I really I dodged and then he shot I
should have waited for him to shoot and
then dodge but I mean you don't need to
you don't need to explain to me how to
dodge those attacks I've dodged like 500
of them and my Isaac career just
unfortunately chose the wrong moment to
miss that one we have no desire right
now to take thunder thighs unless we get
a huge speed upgrade somewhere else on
this floor I think that 0.86 speed is is
the problem hilariously my my run has
sort of given me exactly what I asked
for and like a be careful what you wish
for sort of situation I said I would
much rather have the last run than have
above-average damage but severely below
average speed however I would argue that
0.86 speed is not severely below average
it's like one one standard deviation
below the norm
it's almost unnoticeable unless you find
yourself in some rooms that are already
fairly tough because the enemies are
speeding but our damage is actually like
really good they have damage over four
and a rate of fire that's above or sorry
below I guess 10 is indicative of like
we're beating the we're beating the
average at both ends here you know we
got more questions right and we got
harder questions right that were worth
more points that's not a very good
school analogy but the school analogies
they're good because we all have
some familiarity with it you know I
so the III make similes and idioms a lot
it's a very niche skill but it does help
me communicate in a way that I think is
more universally relatable bad idiom is
like you know let's look when you're
playing lawn bowling you see you've
already cut out like 98% of your
audience there doesn't have a
familiarity with lawn bowling
of course aristocrats like you and me
we've got a great affinity for lawn
bowling we know it's a gentleman's game
height of athleticism balance and form
but on the other hand not everybody
shares our taste in sports
now again Plan C is just an item that
might as well not exist in my opinion
the use for it is so niche that it never
really factors into our our game plans
here one day maybe I believe you know a
million monkeys working on a million
typewriters would eventually make
William Shakespeare's plays right one
day Plan C is going to be one of those
monkeys is going to be the chosen monkey
spider but is okay nod leaf is great so
now I mean not leave as a compromise and
the compromise here is very simply this
if we get any orbital not leaf is really
really good now we owe it to ourselves
not to die by the way in case that's not
obvious like on every single run but if
we die on this run after getting what we
asked for on the last run we're in a
rough spot now that spirit heart resists
the notion to suggest that that spirit
heart has carried us because we haven't
taken read our damage we haven't even
really come too close to taking read
heart damage but I will say that I would
be lying if I wasn't thankful for that
spirit heart but I'm thankful for every
spirit heart baby and why throw a baby
in at the end there and made it sound
weird it's one of those words that
doesn't sound right coming out of my
mouth
I don't know I'm trying to think of some
other ones I don't get bothered by a lot
of words they're just words to me some
people are bothered by the word moist
doesn't bother me at all I sort of
understand it it's kind of like it's got
weird you know implications and then
also it has like a little bit of a snake
kiss at the end of the the end of the
word doesn't really bother me what
bothers me is hearing a grown man say
well that's not true hearing a man in
his 20s say honey that sends shivers
down my spine and not in a good way
ladies so someone like a 50 year old man
says honey you're like yeah you know
you've earned it you guys have been in a
partnership for a while perhaps you're
like a 20 year old guys say honey you're
like six years ago you were 14 you can't
say honey yet you haven't earned it I
don't know what other words you should
be using I'm really I'm levying and
unfair criticism at you right now but
I'm just saying that's that's an earned
word so that worked somehow and you know
we're a little bit out of sync when we
almost take damage against blighted ovum
boss is very very simple to deal with
but here's where we're going to start
falling out of control what did I tell
you black powder absolutely worthless
for us in our current situation let's
head down to the next floor great item
we need some speed to deal with it
though nah it's not good enough so what
is uh what's our primary course of
action on this right now our what we
actually desire on this run is a cube of
meat so if we can get like a library
book of revelations force that keep of
meat into existence I don't really need
to get rid of flesh I think it's like
basically the Necronomicon and it nukes
down some bosses in one hit but really
like as a pretty niche concern nice if
we can get it but unlikely to be of
principal importance its abate Abel here
if we get a bomb back yes then it's not
debatable perfect
[Music]
keep moving
obviously Cuba meat is probably the most
likely orbital but there's other ones
that can show up on item rooms of
varying degrees of usefulness sac dagger
can also show up on deals with the devil
which would be good or obviously deals
with the angel we can get guardian angel
but can't really do anything for us get
a range upgrade from anemic an item that
is largely pretty awful in my opinion
and a battery charge most of the time I
wouldn't say a battery charge is like a
no-brainer not battery charged it's
literally the battery most the time it's
a no-brainer if you have a space bar
item that has some worth to it but we're
pretty much going to use flush whenever
it's available unless the room is so
easy that flush has no purpose even like
existing on it you notice you know
you've got a to that own self be true so
we're using black powder we're using it
to make the actual world smallest
circles but hey when it works say works
man some of these enemies are still
terrestrial somehow that room made me
look like a genius I assure you that was
not intentional kind of wondering
actually why I'm seeming to struggle a
little bit right now because our stats
are actually except for speed our stats
are pretty good you know five damage
with a nine rate of fire should not be
leaving me feeling this bereft of you
know ability to kill the enemy but
suppose that is still somewhat modest in
the whole scheme of things you know five
damages a lot for the first floor but
pretty quickly can get outpaced by some
of the enemies that you face especially
if you find it so tough to dodge because
of I don't know your brain not working
right or speed being a little bit on the
lower end of the average today at least
which is I think probably the most
honest way to describe our speed stat
right now it's not the horrible just on
the low end of a verge so this is not my
ideal phosphide right now
but monstro should eat it pretty quickly
if we can get monster to land on
black-powder he will probably die of
course as soon as he landed on it it
disappeared but this should do it okay
now we can fight fistula and fighting
fistula on a big room is not really a
problem also going to try to least throw
down the occasional black powder circle
because we know that once fistula pops
into its terminal form it's going to
have silkworms so so Gorm's are going to
be tough for us to deal with with
relatively modest damage right now so
not quite fast enough to make this
circle work really felt to me like I
should say not quite fast enough to make
this circle work and that means that I
have found a word I found my moist
because were chol I don't respect that
as a word that's to Ned Flanders for me
it's to dokely honestly relatively good
bossfight greatly reduced rate of fire
and we got one spirit art out of it it's
not a game breaker but it's pretty good
like five damage I'm four point nine
seven but you know what I mean five
damage with the ability to go okay that
was pretty bad
basically shoot 50% faster is uh it's
really really good it's worth it for
sure so let's get flush ready and then
it's probably a secret room get flush
ready and then go to that boss trap room
the big item for us right now is nine
lives obviously the actual big item is
moms knife brimstone you know tech X
epic fetus there's a couple items that
mean more but nine lives is the best
because it gives us a huge safety net
and actually doesn't change our HP at
all so nine lives has effectively no
cost right now and like no cost great
benefit is a pretty good value in my
world
Harlequin baby is not worth too much
I recognize the the direness of the
situation now that we've lost even more
HP and this this HP is my bad I stepped
on creep I had no business getting hit
by so instead of going to the boss Trap
room we're flush now that I think about
it is fairly unlikely to be worthwhile I
mean there is a there's a chance that
help there is a chance that this boss
fight is the right course of action
let's give it a shot
Bighorn probably not the right course of
action given the prodigious amount of
bombs that are going to be created here
and I don't think Flush is going to do
too much for us and our speed makes it
pretty tough to dodge bombs to begin
with okay I didn't even see the hole
open up there hah hah hah hah hah hah
hah
but still of course if I can get black
powder to work I'd be stoked in an
extremely rare twist of fate I might not
even want to go to the deal with the
devil if we get one because there is a
chance that it's Krampus and if it's
Krampus we could be in a pretty tough
spot we didn't get a deal with the devil
and we got spirit arts plus rate of fire
increase to the tear cap so I think
really we got lucky there but we did
play well against Bighorn as well we got
pretty lucky Bighorn didn't drop any
troll bombs if he had done that we would
be in a world of trouble instead though
we seem to be holding it together
relatively well I will say for all of
our HP related problems on this run I'm
really glad we didn't take thunder
thighs
she would have been an even worse
situation and I mean a dime from a fire
is great but King baby is largely
irrelevant as far as items go if we're
gonna do the boss trap for a golden
chest I have to think a little harder
about that I think because one golden
chest is not worth that much perhaps
more importantly one golden chest is
worth like exactly as much as another
golden chest so if we can find the
golden chest that we don't have to fight
a bunch of bosses to deal with it's much
better for us so there's two plays for
the Hermit card here one of them is to
save a key and also get you out of the
boss trap room in two floors the other
one is to use it right now and save you
half a spear at art we're going to do
the one that saves us half a spear at
heart because the HP is slightly
concerning right now I think we're going
to leave and it's really because I'm a
baby but it's also because HP is at a
premium right now at least for now and
that's a great use of that thankfully
algae's a was Yara here is great
obviously but a waz gets us out of boss
rush which is probably more relevant to
me right now what a waste of the pacano
rune on my part if you're going to take
a waz you might as well double up and
then take algae's and then take algae's
into the boss Tramp room back here and
then use one a watts to try to find like
a black market or a crawlspace and then
take the next a waz down in fact you can
also use a nalgas to just open that
which we probably will so maybe we just
got money but we got money at a cost of
nothing
keep in mind our next boss is going to
be mega fatty which is why I'm not
investing in this algae's room right now
he's going to die very quickly so kill
him well this black powder circles still
around
oh it's actually shoved my bed either
way like six of one half a dozen of the
other
for our purposes right now it's pretty
smart play actually if I may say so
myself
do we care about boss rush yes
yeah I mean we do is the thing so even
with 0.86 speed
I do feel a desire well you first pop
that see what you get okay that's just a
ticket down in the next floor then you
take the algae's rune we are doing this
to steal a free item out of the boss
rush so if we don't get the boss rush
it's a little bit of a whiff on our part
spend about 45 seconds here to get able
it's a bad play unless you you know can
divorce yourself from the idea that boss
rush matters and I'm probably guilty of
overvaluing boss rush a lot so I
recognize that maybe I'm either way
Able's not going to be that good okay
you can't Jedi mind trick me into
thinking that I'm now like apologetic
too able however did it really cost us
anything probably not so I had to take
the fish tail on which up until recently
someone tweeted me and then they're like
hey have you ever had fish tail like if
you unlocked it I don't think I've ever
seen it on one of your runs and then I
thought about and I was like fish tail I
never heard of an item or a trinket like
that rather and then I looked it up on
the wiki and I was like oh you're
talking about the weird glod guard which
is obviously my own ignorance and not
theirs but apparently what this does is
it doubles the amount of flies or
spiders while n spiders I guess rather
that you get when you generate spiders
so to have this with like a guppy
related items such as Guppies head or
just the transformation or the Mulligan
or mom's wig
you know sissy long legs you get the
idea can allow us to compensate for not
really crushing it in the damaged
Department right now although I can't
complain too hard still waiting on that
one orbital because oh you mean it's
that's unfortunate you got to think
about it here because I mean fishtail as
soon as I actually read the description
of the trinket instead of just trying to
rely on figuring it out in the you know
real world environment I was like that
drink it's great I just didn't want to
deal with the time on this room no greed
no greed it's greed why no greed because
I wanted to buy a key and then also have
a chance to buy something in here but
whatever Steam sale is not great for us
but life goes on but we need the extra
speed right now 0.15 speed is actually
like relative to 0.86 speed is something
like a 20% increase so even something is
relatively modest as that is pretty
important when you're low on speed to
begin with so got a 100% deal to devil
champs 9lives is still kind of the dream
but I think we have enough spirit heart
protection right now to be like you know
what if you want to give me something
high damage I can roll with it for a
while I can make it work it is I mean we
got to try to go to the item room but it
is going to set us back
not to mention like black powder is
probably sadly our best chance of
dealing a lot of damage to enemies
quickly so I do think that it's a good
case to be made that the gotough sadly
despite the fact that it's a somewhat
boring trinket is also simultaneously
the exact right call
okay good work good work 100% no Krampus
no Krampus cake growth hormones is great
no Krampus that's right let's go
Abaddon's big money now we've got eight
damage five rate of fire and very good
speed so you know what I thought that
didn't work I think we can afford to
take the fish tail when we find it's
been teleported to a room that's
actually closer to where we want to go
now so that's fine and I'm banking on
the idea that was horrible obviously but
I'm banking on the idea that I can also
still make it to boss rush here and
that's going to be a bit of an asking
pokeballs not going to help us too much
on route for that so I feel like we
whipped a little bit please no curse of
the maze shenanigans just let me take
the fish tail in my defense this looks
much less like a fish tail than it does
like a weird dart that you know Tommy
Davidson would shoot into Jim Carrey's
neck during the part in a Sven charity
when nature calls when he's in that
tribe and the pipes him and he gets
called the white devil remember is that
I mean it's not current reference but
it's a movie that I feel like has a
place in the public consciousness I
wouldn't be surprised it wasn't like a
an exclusive reference with one key I'm
basically going to go I mean I probably
should use in my defense I thought with
eight damage they be dust and pretty
quick but we'll use our key basically
whatever important room comes first you
got a look but okay go go up here
two keys for those bombs yeah in another
world maybe where we had keys oh you
guys were immune during that okay so a
bit of a whiff we're getting tilted
everything tilted for a bad reason
there's no reason to we got two keys now
check it check it check it you got to
try it I think got to grab this forget
broken stopwatch I'm proud I was gonna
say there's no there's no reason to take
damage against like easy enemies even
when you're trying to go fast because
you're the odds of you getting an item
on boss rush that compensates for the
bad damage you've taken is fairly low
now we did go to the last item room I'm
not going to go to this item room
because I think getting what our choice
of four items from boss rush is more
valuable than going back and maybe
getting one item and I mean I shouldn't
say maybe because the only uncertainty
in the situation is whether or not we'll
still make it to the boss rush right
isn't like that's what's actually in
question here that was bad
it could be Krampus I got a check not
Krampus not good but not Krampus alright
that was way too much spending to get
something from here and I've been
rewarded with nothing in fact I have no
desire to take any of these and that's a
new low for boss rush is to go to it and
be like all four of these items are
garbage so that's that's the new one is
the eihwaz rune el horrible well it's
not good
certainly in heck this is one of the
situations this rarely happens that you
make the boss rush attempt and then when
you get there you go well everything is
bad I'm not talking about everything you
know being not worth it I mean these it
actually was stepped on creeper it
actually would have been bad for us to
step on a spike to pick up any of those
items maybe you can get some cool stuff
done with the clicker I don't know I
think that's a bit of a reach
but it's up to us to not lose this one
we paid much too large of a price trying
to make it the boss rush now we got a I
mean I'm making it sound like we're
about to begin the Battle of Helm's Deep
or something like that it's not the case
still just playing a video game here but
the video game is an extension in many
ways of you know mental and mechanical
prowess and it would be emasculating to
some extent to lose on a run in which
we've been given ample benefit not
ridiculous benefit but an ample benefit
no question so let's engage in the
mental exercise of saving ourselves from
a downward slope right now you ever you
know you're riding your bike riding your
bike uphill sucks you know it's a lot of
work you as soon as you get to like a 15
degree slope a 15 degree slope times
like a few hundred meters it's gonna
have you sweating bullets at least if
you're you know living the kind of
lifestyle I'm living most of the time
but at least there's control in going up
a hill going down a hill is actually
substantially more dangerous I mean I'm
not a professional cyclist dogs but in
my opinion it's more dangerous because
it's much harder to slow yourself down
when you're working you know against
gravity or grab as well you're not
really working again you get what I mean
you're trying to slow yourself the
descent when the laws of physics are
going not that was so dumb of me I
actually thought that my kilis triac
need actually a horrible boss fight for
us right now because we can't control
the damage that comes out of it some of
those attacks are almost impossible to
dodge so we did get an HP upgrade and
occurs to the unknown running away right
now would be very nice ok so we were we
were low on HP not quite dead but but
low
now if you'll excuse me I've got to sign
out of Skype here I'm not gonna belabor
the point where you hard in the
backgrounds gone blue okay never should
have taken so much damage on the devs
too but you know if ifs and buts were
candy and nuts we'd all have a Merry
Christmas right would we I mean if I got
candies and nuts for Christmas and I'm
not even talking about candies nuts but
if we got candies and nuts for Christmas
I'd be pretty happy but I'm also you
know approaching 30 I'm at the point and
I've talked about this you know probably
every holiday season for like the last
three years of these Isaac videos but I
tend to receive less on Christmas these
days then I give and that's just there's
a natural balance of approaching a
certain age in life you know I'm sending
the elevator back down I'm at the point
where if I got like a $20 bill in a card
for my grandma I would have to collar
and be like grandma was I'm nearly 30
years old like we're approaching
ridiculousness here you know you got to
retire someday grandma think about this
$20 you got to put that in an index fund
tracking the performance with S&P 500 at
7% annual leave so we're going to get I
mean that's just what it is we're going
to get hit here this room is hell
but it's not that Christmas is a or
holidays let's say it's not that the
holidays are about the game theory of
you know spending less than you receive
it's more about spending time with your
family obviously but candies and nuts
for Christmas at least I'm getting the
gift that I would be like you know I'll
eat these hey thanks for the candy I
have a great excuse to eat this now and
everybody knows that bad foods that you
get as a gift foods it's bad for you you
get as a gift when you eat it it doesn't
count to your body your body's like is
Christmas just send these calories
straight through you know we're not
holding on of these give them a break
it's the way it works also vacation
calories don't count we're probably
going to die let's let's resist that
because this run is I'll just level with
you
we should not die on today's run it's
not bad enough to die on it's not
amazing but it's far from bad enough to
die on we've got a good space bar item
our damage is you're going to say that
I'm you know moving the goalposts here I
don't think I am our damage is great
it's not a step above great at least not
yet
the real problem for us has been defense
and admittedly I've let a lot of bad
damage hit me especially over the course
of the past two floors or so but as long
as there is blood in my body we got a
chance here this is our chance to fight
back against the narrative of you know
once you lose you're more likely to lose
in the future we had a really like a
street that was going pretty well
although honestly a lot of those runs
were very easy if I'm being honest with
you
and then you know we lost on rerun after
building a run that to be honest with
you we could be proud of
take your time look for tinted rocks
here I can't tell if this is attended
rock it was not a tinted rock but it is
a decent Avenue wow that was one a heck
of a speedy attack there as you see that
tinted rocks please there is attempted
rock no small rock one spirit heart
guess who's back back again confidence
Tara through ok don't get hit by that
and then of course he says guess who's
back you get the idea
the other day I asked Michael al Fox I
said what's your favorite song with
Hello in it and he said you know I was
thinking you know he got a lo by Adele
you got hello hello my place called
vertigo hello goodbye and he says does
hello have to be in the title I said no
ofcourse not vertigo is just called her
to go and then he said oh then in that
case my favorite song with hello and it
is the one that goes hello my name is
what my name is who my name is Chieko
Slim Shady
and at first I was like good answer I
didn't even think about that two six two
seconds later I said to myself he says
hi not a lo what's this guy talking
about
I can't tell to this day if he was if he
was a joke master and he was trolling me
or feed accidentally made a mistake one
of which of course is acceptable the
other one is unforgivable I mean have
you heard the Marshall Mathers LP oh
you're an Eminem fan who's this then
holds up picture of devon Sawa dressed
as mm from the Stan Musial video yeah I
know the name of the actor who played
stand in the stand music video you know
why devon Sawa was famous not just for
that it's not like he was an extras they
hired to be in that he's just not famous
anymore but there was a time where he
was up he was like a b-tier JTP okay so
we I mean the a was earn is now useless
we should have used it I am it doesn't
really matter actually since it's all
about survival it's irrelevant I hate
these guys
dude these freaking ghosts they get me
now and I don't mean they get me in like
a you know you complete me sort away I
mean they have my number
got him got him but if we can make it
through this room we can make it through
anything go for it do tella pills
oh I don't dislike it there are some
rooms that I will allow myself to take
damage on without I'm going to check and
see the secret rooms back here because
you know possibility of there being
spirit hearts is very important that
still might not have let's be honest
we're not going to use a team bond so
doesn't bother me there is no secret
room there we had to make sure had to
see you with my own two eyes good work
because there could be spirit hearts in
that secret room sorry in the curse room
so we had to go for there could be
health in the secret room as well which
would be of course very useful for us
but no such luck and you know what
that's okay
ever since we've had the play better
we've played better and that's not
always guaranteed it's a bit of a tough
call isn't it because you sort of have
to open these the first one did not work
out but it did almost pay for itself
killed like 1/3 of the enemies here a
luck upgrade actually could win us the
game it's extremely wishful thinking but
see fishtail gave us more flies that
time unlikely to be super useful but
here we are
I think you have to blow this up looking
for the secret room but also looking for
chance to get something out of that
technically we are in the key
we don't have got details I wouldn't
expect to need eight keys for a normal
chest but it can happen
this will be a great time for a hero
font card might not be the way it's
actually pronounced but we've created
our own pronunciation for better or for
worse ace of clubs actually basically
terrible although there might come a
time een I guess I could foresee a
situation in which we do use 23 bombs
but it's pretty unlikely actually seemed
like a decent play there as I never
thought of using the ace of blank
preventively preventatively that was a
horrible place to stand so we we took a
mimic out of the equation all there was
a rock and a block after all that if we
got hit by that ghost that would have
been I would have been displeased now
for all the flack that I'm going to get
for this episode and much of it is
deserved much of it is deserved you got
to admit not a whole lot of help in the
spirit heart or HP Department and many
points over the course of this run am I
wrong
I don't think I'm wrong
sure much of the damage we took should
never have been taken but there are a
lot of runs in which I probably have
taken a lot worse damage but it sort of
gets glossed over by the fact that a
standard amount of spirit arts drops
drop suppose that has not happened here
I think we got to try this if you drop a
troll bomb I am never going to play this
game again until tomorrow so you know
balls in your court got to admit it gets
the people go in at least mystery sack
is an out for us but it's probably isn't
why Mia is definitely not a high
percentage out plus we got to live for a
while to potentially make use of it like
right now would be a really good time
for it to pay out with anything like a
nalgas ruin for example okay this is
alright three point five luck
I got hopes this could win us the game
it probably will not be enough but it
could an Ace of Hearts has a theoretical
chance to be useful if we could actually
get an HP upgrade at some point you're
really looking for algae's but I'll take
a brick on O room before an annoying
fight I guess fishtail maybe really only
does double flies
there we go one spirit heart completely
changes my outlook on this run the devil
also good for this boss fight
specifically we don't need our money for
anything barn penny is not too relevant
right now but it should let you know
that I'm a little scared about the
situation that I still bothered to pick
it up okay so we're going to take the
devil card in here of course plus 1.75
damage is largely irrelevant when we're
talking about the amount of damage we
got but largely irrelevant does not mean
useless and on a run that's a little
close here I'll take it that should make
him disappear
and now we'll make him disappear so
assuming we don't get hit here how do we
win it's a couple of a couple of waves
just getting an emperor card drop early
enough would do it getting a respawn
item preferably dark Judas or Lazarus
rag actually in the chest would do it
apart from them we're going to have to
fight for it and that doesn't interest
me I am NOT built for fighting on this
or I'm not built for love and either I'm
neither a lover nor a fighter I think we
will take it before these these items
are largely junk for us right now though
and I know the myth of northern lion is
that even in this situation he would
take tiny planet if things were slightly
better I would take tiny planet part of
the thing is it's not going to help us
on the tear cap to begin with sorry on
that oh maybe it does lower your tier
keV I'm not sure and with F before we
might be able to roll with it but we're
just too tight to to try it right now
at before by the way is great we do have
an issue and the issue is we can't use
red candle and still get the F before a
bonus simultaneously rosary is enormous
actually enormous rosary is like Plan C
done right dude item the majority of the
time you see it annoying and largely
worthless right now saving our run maybe
not largely worthless but usually when
you see it you go out rosary I'm going
to have to accommodate it now it's
accommodating us and I thank you for
that wait we can keep our rate of fire
room-to-room here with epic aura has
that always been the case if so never
stop shooting to the right direction
because a to rate of fire with a damage
is good enough man that is some super
powered soymilk territory I promise you
that so unicorn stump actually does
nothing for us we have no orbitals we
have peepers I it's approximately
negative 20% worth it to try to make
that happen
what have I done I got a I got a pivot
we lost our rate of fire temporarily we
can build it back though who cares right
keep it going keep it going
there's a 3/3 is pretty good right a
dead end regardless dude this is nine
lives
please let me kill nine lives man laughs
there we go we did not get nine lives
but an eternal heart is worth something
gosh darn it and I think we're going to
pull this one out I whether or not we
deserve it is you know that's for you
and the god of your choice to decide
because good lord some bad damage but I
still feel like we were also handed kind
of a bad draw here in terms of like ever
getting spirit hearts we could get some
can't act like we didn't get any less
than average but we're going to complain
about something being less than average
on an Isaac run you know it's a little
tone deaf every run is deficiencies and
strengths and I do think our strengths
greatly outweigh our deficiencies at
least by this point start firing in this
direction now we to get Pisces
I guess we would prefer to get the virus
over anything else so stop shooting lust
if possible bombs are the worst though
so at least kill sloth laughs now get a
good tarot card like the Emperor or
Bob's are on head it's another all-time
classic
okay panic power from adrenaline so the
longer you spend on a room the more
damage you do something like that longer
you spend on a floor the more damage you
do I don't know dude all I'm asking for
is a way out of this floor eventually we
have to hit every dead end on a run
where there's a little bit of a question
about our survivability I have 40 minute
Isaac run is no joke that's a little on
a longer side for a you know lately at
least
you know what we can totally use red
candle without compromising em perfora
I'm learning a lot about eff before ax
I'm learning you know it took me a while
to even respect it as an item which is a
personal failure but now I'm learning to
love it as an item and that's an
important step in my relationship with
that before because here's upgrades are
not always easy to come across
I'll take them as I can find them we
almost got it there okay we're actually
kind of in a terrible situation
it's okay kill sloth laughs not Bob's
rotten head please I'm begging you
oh my god you had to do it didn't you
this is the tough room dude this room is
like actually zero percent a joke dude
actually launches these doubled spiders
like right on top of me so honestly we
have activated like our Super Saiyan
abilities just to survive as long as we
have on this room oh that was so close
it's hard to dodge them while they're in
the air that was heinous okay so what's
the next step as long as there's no
mimics take your time and look for some
second secret rooms or some secret rooms
for that matter so be a really bad time
to die - you could probably make a case
for unicorn stump temporarily be a
really bad time to die - greed is what I
was going to say it's fine are you a
wizard that's fine you just wait it out
who cares I'm a doctor too
does not reroll every item on the floor
so we basically just have to win easier
said than done but if you think you're
going to get hit so when you pop unicorn
Stumpf better safe than sorry I don't
expect to be entitled to kill blue baby
in like an instant on every single run
but I will say it is taken forever here
if you want to be true to the run and be
a total scumbag we could stand still get
not leave to work and have peepers I
kill every enemy that is something that
would work it's going to take forever
and on a way in a way that's actually
like worse than a loss that's a loss of
dignity now if we were dealing with a
streak of any magnitude I might consider
it but just a normal blue baby run is a
requisite skill as an Isaac player to be
able to kill blue baby without getting
him not saying you should be able to do
it every time but some of the time you
should be able to kill blue baby without
getting hit
we've almost got it already it looks
like we've done it so that was scary we
did redeem ourselves maybe somewhat at
the end so thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button now set a great deal of course
subscribe you are if you are in the
future for now thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time